# Fastlane FrontRunner Bot Guide on MONAD TESTNET

# This is a quick guide to getting the frontrunner bot of Fastlane running on Monad Testnet using GO

1. Go to shmonad.xyz, connect your wallet, and make some transactions. (I recommend using a burner wallet, as later we will need to use our private key and we don't want to risk our funds)

2. Now let's get the bot running. I used a $5 VPS with Ubuntu 22.04, but it is also possible to run it locally on your machine if you have any version of Ubuntu WSL. If you don't have it, you can download it from the Microsoft Store.

3. Initial setup

```sh
sudo apt update
```
```sh
sudo apt install golang
```
```sh
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y
```
Install Git & cURL
```sh
sudo apt install -y git curl
```
4. Clone the Fastlane repository
```sh
git clone https://github.com/FastLane-Labs/break-monad-frontrunner-bot
```
```sh
cd break-monad-frontrunner-bot
```
```sh
npm install
```
5.Edit config.env
```sh
nano .env
```
In the text editor that will open, copy the following:
```sh
PRIVATE_KEY=your_monad_testnet_private_key_here
RPC_URL=https://testnet-rpc.monad.xyz
```
Replace "your_monad_testnet_private_key_here" with your wallet's private key. Attention!! I wouldn’t recommend using the private key of your wallet if it has funds in it. It's better to create a separate one for the bot. Be careful.

Press CTRL + X

Then Y to save

Then ENTER to confirm

6. Send funds to wallet:

Send some $MON to the wallet you will use for the bot. You need it to pay for the transaction fees generated by the bot. Attention! The bot consumes a lot of $MON as it is sending transactions all the time. Keep this in mind if you have a low amount of TMonad.

7.Run Bot
```sh
make run-bot
```
If you can see in the logs:
```sh
"frontrun sent, waiting for confirmation"
"confirmed frontrun"
```
You are good.

8.You can also check the scores.
```sh
make scores
```
That's it! This is the easiest way that worked for me. Initially, I had issues with the GO version since the bot requires GO 1.22+ and my system had GO 1.18. If you encounter this error, you can remove your previous version of GO and install a newer one. Feel free to contact me on X @0xSessho if you have any questions!
 
                 

